22-03-34.m4a
All right, we're coming in on the end of the night, or it is the end of the night, I'm going to bed. I had to go back to the original version that I had from September before Cloud Code Text enabled it, gave it the same notebook from back then, but this time having gone another round of updates with it, I was able to tell it that this is the notebook from a year ago, or a month ago, you're going to want to change 0.6, something before 0.6, it's going to break something, by the time we get past 0.6 we'll never get to module 2, a couple of other things along those lines, it'll be in the screenshot I take, and so basically told it that it ran all the way to 7Z, which is when it does the zip that has all the other images, files, and whatnot in it up to that point. 7Z hung for, I don't even know how long, I think it gave up, I sat down and played a game, so by the time I came back, I think it was like 20 minutes or so, told it that, so it gave me a 7Z, that worked out, we got into 8, which is now farther than I've been, it's not because ChatGPT was failing at that point, it's because that was where I had stopped with it, and set it aside before I got all angry and whatnot, frustrated is a better word, frustrated. And the only reason I messed with it at this point was, well, I was going to go back to it here probably this week, but Cloud Code on hand, I got 930-something credits to use in the next 10 days, so I figured, eh, we'll see what happens. So, Cloud Code ended up having the same issues and facing the same challenges that I had already faced with GPT. So, by telling it, these are all the things, how to assess the file, then I told it what was going to happen, and it didn't try and go back and change anything, we've been moving forward since. It works, I'm looking at the images now, I'm not sure I know what I'm looking at, I'm looking at idiom density distribution, idiom density changes first 500 windows, I don't know what the windows thing is, but both of them are basically at zero, so I don't know if that means there's no idioms, they're not dense enough, or it's not working, I don't know. Right now I just want to get to the other end of this, because I've got so many metrics now, it's ridiculous, I don't need all this, I don't know why I'm still doing this. I mean, I do, now it's just a learning experience, right? 1.3 was good, I mean, it had everything I really needed, right? And here we are at, I mean, technically this is probably like, well, I did have to roll back, so it's probably like 3.2, I still got it labeled as 3. And I have gone way beyond what I had before. I think I lost, there was a, I think it was with 2, which I made a bad decision, I had to toss that. But there was a file, an output, where it had every single sentence, and color coded it based off of the probability it originated by me, or by the AI, or I had edited it to the point that it was basically just me writing it. I don't have that anymore, so I might go back through the version 2s, and figure out where that was, and try and resurrect that, because that was pretty neat. And 1.3 gives me that data, or it gives me the information I would need to produce that artifact. But I don't want to, I don't want to try and bring something from 1.3 up to this point, because this is, a lot of this stuff is a different, I'm getting some of the same information, but it has approached it with different libraries and whatnot, so I don't know what problems that would bring with it. Anyway, spent most of the day with this, trying to get it to work, while doing other things, which wasn't happening in the last two hours. Managed to start over and get farther than I've been to date. We'll see what happens with number 9. I'm going to stop here at 8. Get back at it tomorrow, I guess.